Fix inaccurate attribute description in Broker docs (#4179)
knative/docs: docs/admin/eventing/broker-configuration.md

  labels:
    eventing.knative.dev/release: devel
data:

>   # Configuration for defaulting brokers that do not specify a spec.config or broker class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Configuration for default Brokers that do not specify a spec.config or Broker class.
```

Author: The comment is correct. This is used for defaulting _all_ Brokers, not for _the default Broker_.

## Channel implementation options

> The following example shows a Broker object where the `spec.config` configuration is specified in a `config-my-broker` ConfigMap:

Reviewer: I feel like it's more confusing to change this - I understand that you're trying to separate it from channels, but the `config-br-default-channel` ConfigMap gets mentioned below anyway

Author: @abrennan89 for posterity: What I find really wrong about this part of the documentation is that we describe how users can use a non-default configuration for their Brokers, but then the example points at... the default ConfigMap. I 100% feel this is missing the point, and eventually we'll have to fix that.

```yaml
apiVersion: eventing.knative.dev/v1
kind: Broker
metadata:
  name: my-broker
  namespace: my-namespace
  annotations:
    eventing.knative.dev/broker.class: MTChannelBasedBroker
spec:
  # Configuration specific to this broker.
  config:
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: ConfigMap
    name: config-my-broker
    namespace: my-namespace
```

> Unless configured otherwise in the aforementioned `config-br-defaults` ConfigMap, a Broker object that does not have a `spec.config` specified uses the `InMemoryChannel` implementation by default. This setting is inherited from the configuration specified in the `config-br-default-channel` ConfigMap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unless a `default-br-config` is configured in the `config-br-defaults` ConfigMap, Brokers use the `InMemoryChannel` implementation by default. This setting is inherited from the configuration specified in the `config-br-default-channel` ConfigMap.
```

Author: I meant what I wrote, the ConfigMap that ships with Kn Eventing explicitly refers to the `InMemoryChannel` implementation. So unless configured otherwise (i.e. _unless the ConfigMap is modified by the user_), it will use this.
If ``default-br-config` is missing, Brokers don't work, so changing to the version you suggested is not an options.

  labels:
    eventing.knative.dev/release: devel
data:

>   # Configuration for defaulting brokers that do not specify a spec.config or broker class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Configuration for default Brokers that do not specify a spec.config or Broker class.
```

      namespace: knative-eventing
```

The change in the example above would cause any new Broker that does specify a `spec.config` to inherit from the settings defined in the `kafka-channel` ConfigMap.

> 

Reviewer: I think use `default-br-config` throughout instead of `spec.config` - I went to the YAML looking for `spec:` and `config:` parts and that's not what's used in that configmap?

Author: spec.config is in the broker object, not a configmap

  labels:
    eventing.knative.dev/release: devel
data:

>   # Configuration for defaulting brokers that do not specify a spec.config or broker class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Configuration for default Brokers that do not specify a spec.config or Broker class.
```

  labels:
    eventing.knative.dev/release: devel
data:

>   # Configuration for defaulting brokers that do not specify a spec.config or broker class.

Reviewer: capital letter for Broker always as per previous comments
